hi leo hey daddy
hi Daddy
you can take a bath now your first bath
yeah okay let's go all right
oh okay oh that's a fun stuff Oh Leo I
need a shampoo here all right daddy
chip Bell I love it when he does that
it's so beautiful it's music it's me
little bear
now were you there when you were sure
yeah no I wasn't I was trying to beat up
destitute ioc geologists aesthetician
guys education yeah yeah Harry needs
like a clip no he doesn't beautiful
mummy yeah let's lift you up a little
bit there we go and the key
look at him take one you want to comment
look Upali
hi Daddy he likes the water boy face
forward you gotta watch his ears
why can't you order them now oh we're
gonna clean up a q-tip grandma yeah yeah
shuts off quick it's autosave all right
no okay that's hot yeah you like that
yeah you like that thank you very much
chilling Leo see all right okay he's
like what the hell is that thing
here you go what years oh okay likes it
he's gonna love the pool okay okay
holding it what's going on up there
you ready
you got the towel right
chuckling okay okay she's fish okay put
him a little bit more that's it ha Oh
baby so you try you walk right by by by
God thank you